Introduce the guide at the beginning, not part way through (#6364)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/getting-started/index.md

keywords: [getting-started, install, bookinfo, quick-start, kubernetes]
---

This guide is intended for users who are new to Istio and provide streamlined instruction to
install Istio's built-in `demo` [configuration profile](/docs/setup/additional-setup/config-profiles/).

> The `demo` installation lets you quickly get started evaluating Istio.

Reviewer: c/`demo` installation/`demo` configuration profile/ possibly. The later is used on line 21.

Author: Fixed

> The `demo` installation lets you quickly get started evaluating Istio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `demo` configuration profile lets you quickly get started evaluating Istio.
```

Author: fixed
